Group3_v1.md, before:

## Manitoba Covid Tracker API

#### Description  
The Manitoba Covid Tracker API provides a summary of covid cases, recoveries, deaths, and hospitalization across the province.
 
#### Endpoints: (all GET requests)
##### Get all Covid cases in Manitoba  
- Parameters: 
  - **region** (string): health regions (***optional***)
  - **fromdate** (string): from date (dd.mm.yyyy) (***optional***)
  - **todate** (string): to date (dd.mm.yyyy) (***optional***)
- Sample Request: 
  ```
  https://api.covidmanitoba.ca/cases/json?region=winnipeg&fromdate=18.11.2020&todate=19.11.2020
  ```
- Sample Response: 
  ```
      {
        "results":
        {
          "Health Region": "Winnipeg",
          "Covid Cases":"271",
          "From date":"November 18th, 2020",
          "To date":"November 19th, 2020"
        },
         "status":"success"
      }
  ```
  
  
##### Get all Covid case recoveries in Manitoba  
- Parameters: 
  - **region** (string): health regions (***optional***)
  - **todate** (string): to date (dd.mm.yyyy) (***optional***)
- Sample Request:
  ```
  https://api.covidmanitoba.ca/recoveries/json?region=all&todate=30.08.2020
  ```
- Sample Response: 
  ```
      {
        "results":
        {
          "Health Region": "All",
          "Recovered":"89,232",
          "To date":"August 30th, 2020"
        },
         "status":"success"
      }
  ```
  

##### Get Covid deaths and hospitalizations  
- Parameters: 
  - **region** (string): health regions
- Sample Request: 
  ```
  https://api.covidmanitoba.ca/deathsandhospitalizations/json?region=winnipeg
  ```
- Sample Response:
  ```
      {
        "results":
        {
          "Health Region": "Winnipeg",
          "Death":"142",
          "Hospitalizations":"160",
        },
         "status":"success"
      }
  ```

Commit message:

Added descriptions for each endpoint.

Group3_v1.md, after:

## Manitoba Covid Tracker API

#### Description  
The Manitoba Covid Tracker API provides a summary of covid cases, recoveries, deaths, and hospitalization across the province.
 
#### Endpoints: (all GET requests)
##### Get all Covid cases in Manitoba  
This endpoint will retrieve all covid cases from a requested health region within a specified date range. If no regions or dates are requested, it will retrieve all covid cases in Manitoba for the current date. 
- Parameters: 
  - **region** (string): health regions (***optional***)
  - **fromdate** (string): from date (dd.mm.yyyy) (***optional***)
  - **todate** (string): to date (dd.mm.yyyy) (***optional***)
- Sample Request: 
  ```
  https://api.covidmanitoba.ca/cases/json?region=winnipeg&fromdate=18.11.2020&todate=19.11.2020
  ```
- Sample Response: 
  ```
      {
        "results":
        {
          "Health Region": "Winnipeg",
          "Covid Cases":"271",
          "From date":"November 18th, 2020",
          "To date":"November 19th, 2020"
        },
         "status":"success"
      }
  ```
  
  
##### Get all Covid case recoveries in Manitoba  
This endpoint will retrieve all covid case recovieries from a requested health region at a specified date. If no regions or dates are requested, it will retrieve all covid case recoveries in Manitoba at the current date.
- Parameters: 
  - **region** (string): health regions (***optional***)
  - **todate** (string): to date (dd.mm.yyyy) (***optional***)
- Sample Request:
  ```
  https://api.covidmanitoba.ca/recoveries/json?region=all&todate=30.08.2020
  ```
- Sample Response: 
  ```
      {
        "results":
        {
          "Health Region": "All",
          "Recovered":"89,232",
          "To date":"August 30th, 2020"
        },
         "status":"success"
      }
  ```
  

##### Get Covid deaths and hospitalizations  
This endpoint will retrieve all deaths and hospitalizations caused by Covid from the requested health region.
- Parameters: 
  - **region** (string): health regions
- Sample Request: 
  ```
  https://api.covidmanitoba.ca/deathsandhospitalizations/json?region=winnipeg
  ```
- Sample Response:
  ```
      {
        "results":
        {
          "Health Region": "Winnipeg",
          "Death":"142",
          "Hospitalizations":"160",
        },
         "status":"success"
      }
  ```
